Added more examples (#176)
cyclus/cymetric: examples/README.rst

Cymetric Use-case Examples
===========================

This directory has a Python script and some Jupyter Notebooks that show a new user how to employ cymetric,
pandas, matplotlib, and numpy together to do fuel cycle analysis work. 
These example files use the included database, ``recycle.sqlite``. The input file (``recycle.xml``) is also included for
your convenience. 

The files ``agent_entryexit.py`` and ``agent_entryexit.ipynb`` walk through the same example, just with different 
user interfaces. The example looks at the commissioning and decommissioning of reactor prototypes in the simulation. 

> The other example, ``materials_transactions.ipynb``, looks at the transfer of LWR fuel and the accumulation of waste in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other example, ``materials_transactions.ipynb``, plots the transfer of LWR fuel and the accumulation of waste in 
```
